Add docs on generating ProblemDetails payload (#22600)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/web-api/handle-errors.md

## Custom Middleware to handle exceptions

The defaults in the exception handling middleware works well for most apps. For apps that require specialized exception handling, consider [customizing the exception handling middleware](xref:fundamentals/error-handling#exception-handler-lambda).

### Producing a ProblemDetails payload for exceptions

> ASP.NET Core does not produce stanardized error payload when the server encounters an unhandled exception. For scenarios where it is desireable to return a standardized [ProblemDetails response](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7807) to the client, the [ProblemDetails middleware](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Hellang.Middleware.ProblemDetails/) can be used to map exceptions and 404s to a ProblemDetails payload. The exception handling middleware can also be used to return a ProblemDetails payload for unhandled exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core doesn't produce a standardized error payload when the server encounters an unhandled exception. For scenarios where it is desireable to return a standardized [ProblemDetails response](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7807) to the client, the [ProblemDetails middleware](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Hellang.Middleware.ProblemDetails/) can be used to map exceptions and 404s to a [ProblemDetails](xref:web-api/handle-errors#pd) payload. The exception handling middleware can also be used to return a <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.ProblemDetails> payload for unhandled exceptions.
```
